README.md, before:

# leetcode-practice
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Database
|  |
| ------- |
| [0175-combine-two-tables](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0175-combine-two-tables) |
| [0176-second-highest-salary](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0176-second-highest-salary) |
| [0178-rank-scores](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0178-rank-scores) |
| [0182-duplicate-emails](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0182-duplicate-emails) |
| [0196-delete-duplicate-emails](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0196-delete-duplicate-emails) |
| [0577-employee-bonus](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0577-employee-bonus) |
| [0596-classes-with-at-least-5-students](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0596-classes-with-at-least-5-students) |
| [0607-sales-person](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0607-sales-person) |
| [1179-game-play-analysis-i](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/1179-game-play-analysis-i) |
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0027-remove-element](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0027-remove-element) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0027-remove-element](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0027-remove-element) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

0028-FIND-THE-INDEX-OF-THE-FIRST-OCCURRENCE-IN-A-STRING Stats: Time: 0 ms (100%), Space: 17.8 MB (51.21%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# leetcode-practice
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Database
|  |
| ------- |
| [0175-combine-two-tables](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0175-combine-two-tables) |
| [0176-second-highest-salary](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0176-second-highest-salary) |
| [0178-rank-scores](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0178-rank-scores) |
| [0182-duplicate-emails](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0182-duplicate-emails) |
| [0196-delete-duplicate-emails](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0196-delete-duplicate-emails) |
| [0577-employee-bonus](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0577-employee-bonus) |
| [0596-classes-with-at-least-5-students](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0596-classes-with-at-least-5-students) |
| [0607-sales-person](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0607-sales-person) |
| [1179-game-play-analysis-i](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/1179-game-play-analysis-i) |
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0027-remove-element](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0027-remove-element) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
| [0027-remove-element](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0027-remove-element) |
| [0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0011-container-with-most-water](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0011-container-with-most-water) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string) |
## String Matching
|  |
| ------- |
| [0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string](https://github.com/nseptio/leetcode-practice/tree/master/0028-find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
